Create ui-c8y-1020-18-4-added-a-fix-for-official-plugins-ribbon-not-being-shown-6839.md (#2376)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-18-4-added-a-fix-for-official-plugins-ribbon-not-being-shown-6839.md

---
date: ""

> title: Added a fix for official plugins ribbon not being shown. (#6839) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6927)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fix missing official plugins ribbon in marketplace
```

> title: Added a fix for official plugins ribbon not being shown. (#6839) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6927)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Official plugins now have the correct ribbon displayed.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60252
version: 1020.18.4
---

> Added a fix for official plugins ribbon not being shown. (#6839) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6927)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The Camunda Platform marketplace displays a ribbon to highlight official plugins developed by Camunda. Due to a bug, this ribbon was not shown for certain plugins, even though they were official Camunda plugins. This issue has now been fixed. Users will now correctly see the "Official Plugin" ribbon for all plugins developed by Camunda, making it easier to identify them in the marketplace.
```

> Added a fix for official plugins ribbon not being shown. (#6839) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6927)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```In the extensions page a ribbon is used to highlight official plugins. Due to a bug, this ribbon was not shown for certain plugins, even though they were official. This issue has now been fixed.

---
date: ""

> title: Official plugins now have the correct ribbon displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Ribbon correctly highlights all official plugins in Extensions page
```

> title: Ribbon correctly highlights all official plugins in Extensions page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Plugins now shown with correct type "official" on the Extensions page
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60252
version: 1020.18.4
---

> In the **Extensions** page in the **Ecosystem** a ribbon is used to highlight official plugins. This ribbon was not shown for certain plugins, even though they were official. This issue has now been fixed. The ribbon is displayed for all official plugins in the **Extensions** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the **Extensions** page in the **Ecosystem** menu a ribbon is used to highlight official plugins. This ribbon was not shown for certain plugins, even though they were official. This issue has now been fixed. The ribbon is displayed for all official plugins on the **Extensions** page.
```
